Of all the people
you fucked... my mother?
- Hey, somebody had to!
- Oh, you piece of shit!
Take your stuff and get the fuck out!
- Fuck you!
- Hey, double fuck you!
[LAUGHS] And in New York,
that's considered pillow talk!
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
Hi, folks.
I'm your tour guide Rita,
and we'll be seeing
little vignettes like that
being played out from improvisers
like Billy and Janet over there.
[CROWD WHOOPING]
Very nice.
Very, very nice.
So here's a fun fact about my life.
My life partner Kiki moved out
since I adopted a family of rats
that I keep as pets.
Fuckin' hate my life.
I'm gonna fuckin' blow my
brains out when I get home.
Fuckin' Trump voters.
- Trump voting pieces of shit.
- Fucking homophobic pieces of shit.
- Fuckin racist.
- Homeschooled
fuckin' Sarah Palin
- is their beauty icon.
- Fuck you!
What's more important, right?
My life partner or my rat family?
[LAUGHS]
Okay, let's give it up
to these two dipshit improvisers, right?
- [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
- Yeah, dipshit improvisers!
[LAUGHS]
Okay, now, movin' on...
Well, as I've said
to many a first date,
- welcome to the bottom.
- Just when you think things
couldn't get more degrading,
we are improvising for tourists outside.
I hope my face doesn't get too chapped.
I'm getting new head shots after this.
New Tinder pic?
No. I'm over Tinder.
Too many nice guys.
I'm so sick of nice.
No, these are for work.
I saw an ad for free head shots.
Hey, do you wanna get some too?
You know, I would, but
I prefer using the head shot
where I'm still at
my original goal weight.
Sure, people are surprised
when I show up
and I'm no longer 11,
but I still have hope in my eyes.
Besides, I have plans later.
Food or TV related?
Both, girlfriend.
I am curling up
with my snack blankets to watch
the Lifetime movie
to end all Lifetime movies.
They are doing a male reboot
of "Thelma & Louise."
Ah! The reverse
"Ghost Busters'ing" has begun.
Isn't it comforting to know
that at no point
someone at Lifetime was like,
"Maybe people
"don't wanna watch two men
going around beating up women
until they drive off a cliff together"?
Oh, next bus.
Oh. Time to dance for
more evolution deniers.
And you can take all your fuckin' shit,
- you cheatin' pig!
- Hey, it's not my fault
that your father eats pussy
like he was starving!
- Hey, fuck you!
- Fuck you!
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
- LOUIS: Thelmo?
- THELMO: Yeah, Louis?
LOUIS: I'm getting a real knack
for this shit.
- Beatin' up bitches, I mean.
- [WOMAN SCREAMS]
This is bad for women.
Well, signature cocktail, I did it.
I installed your new
Soda Stream showerhead.
Your dream of carbonated showers
to jazz up your mornings
- has become a reality.
- Hey, babe,
I need a breather from
the Sweet Snack Blanket.
Can you grab the Savory one
from the bedroom?
You're welcome.
Yeah, the soda syrup attachment
was a nightmare to hang,
but... I did it.
- [WOMEN SCREAMING]
- When's dinner?
Uh, America runs on Dunkin,
I'm starting to feel
a little taken for granted
and, you know, not really listened to.
Mm-hmm. Exactly.
Don't you feel the new "Rocky Horror's"
so much better than the old one?
The one with Laverne Cox?
They're deleting the original.
Did you know that?
- [WOMEN SCREAMING]
- Yeah, yeah, great.
THELMO: I don't recall
ever feelin' this awake...
- chainsawin' women's legs off!
- [WOMEN SCREAMING]
NATE: Hey, nice pictures.
Thanks.
I got new head shots.
- Not bad, right?
- Yeah.
- And they were free.
- Free head shots?
What'd you have to do?
Promise not to have sex
with a photographer?
Pull a reverse Coco from "Fame"
and just keep putting on more and
more clothes while you cried?
Hey, Billy, autograph one for me.
Once you make it,
I'll hang it on the wall.
Aw, thanks, Nate.
You got it.
That'll be the only time
Billy's ever hung.
Ooh, snap, snap, Joe Papp,
public theater, water tap,
if he hollers, let him go,
Laurie Metcalf, Margaret Cho.
- There you go.
- Billy, I'm always
in your corner.
I'm sure you're gonna make it.
Yes, doctor, the swelling is gone,
but I'm afraid so is most of the filler!
Being as thin as I am, I'm worried
that my skin might crepe.
Okay, I'll text you a picture,
but call me back.
[CLICK]
Oh, I'm sorry, dear.
You know how difficult it is
to get a doctor to call you back.
- So where were we?
- We were talking about
how my mom puts herself first,
second, and third.
That sounds a lot like my daughter.
I mean, I guess she has
this high-pressure job...
Boom! No longer
like my daughter.
[LAUGHING]
If you knew my daughter,
you'd realize how that is very funny.
So my mom's this
big-deal editor, so what?
Slow down, slow down.
Editor? What, for books?
Yeah. My mom
runs Veronica Ford.
- Oh!
- Like last week, when I got
into that car accident
on the way to our session,
she didn't even pick me up
from the hospital.
- I had to get a Chore Rabbit.
- The vibrator?
What? No. It's that app
where you get strangers
to do your tasks for you?
Anyway, my mom left me at the hospital
'cause she was closing
Steve Bannon's deal
to do a sci-fi novel
set out of Yeshiva.
Wait a minute... You were in an
accident in this neighborhood?
Yeah. Right outside
your office.
Last Tuesday?
Remember?
I called you from
the ambulance and you told me
about your
no-cancellation policy?
Oh, my God.
That could have been me.
I was gonna move my car at that moment
for alternate side
of the street parking.
I could have been killed.
Right. But you didn't
get into a car accident.
- I did.
- Enough about you, Alexis!
I could have been wiped out.
And then what would I have
to show for my life?
I need a legacy, and you need to
leave your check on the chair.
[SIGHS]
What is my legacy?
[INHALES]
[LOUDLY] Nam myoho renge kyo!
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
Rental agreement...
you like?
Oh, look at you!
You dressed up
for Blues Brothers Night also!
Greg is Elwood tonight,
because I'm switching it up.
Actually, click bait,
I'm dressed for dinner.
We have reservations
at Eleven Madison Park.
But I'm about to take a bath.
- You should have told me.
- Oh, I did.
Get changed!
I have many surprises in store
for our anniversary.
Arthur, you know my philosophy
about anniversaries.
I don't think unmarried
couples have them.
It's too arbitrary.
What are we commemorating?
Our first date, moving in, anal?
It isn't arbitrary.
Today marks the first time
you referred to me as your boyfriend.
Granted, it was to make your roommate
- feel bad about being single...
- Oh, right.
Dead Tooth Lisa.
Ooh! The horrors
of the human body.
The 25th was the day
you said boyfriend.
It was unforgettable.
And the first time I felt safe.
But, Arthur, I'm about
to fill the tub up
with some hot Seltzer.
Can't we just take a rain check?
No!
God damn it!
This mattered to me as a couple.
I'm your boyfriend, not your assistant.
I was gonna surprise you
with a suite at a fancy hotel,
but I got a better idea...
I'm going myself.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- Oh...
if he'd led with the hotel
suite, I would have rallied.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
Hey, I said no spicy
mustard on my hot dog!
It ain't spicy, pal!
Oh, fuck you!
I want my money back.
Fuck you! You're not
gettin' it back!
Here in New York, that's
considered pillow talk!
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
- Ha ha ha ha ha!
- Those dumb New Yorkers
are animals!
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
Speaking of animals,
who wants to see photos
of my pet rats dressed up
in graduation cap and gown?
Billy, I can't with this
today... I need help.
I've already blown up the microwave
and broke my new shower.
Arthur went to that hotel
by himself last night,
and he never even called me.
Wait. Are you in an ad?
That's my free head shot.
They can't do that!
Did you sign a waiver?
Well, the photographer
asked me for my autograph
in case I ever made it big one day.
I'm an idiot!
I'm an idiot in an
anti-circumcism ad.
- JULIE: So you did sign a waiver?
- Well, yeah.
But then this fucking
asshole photographer
sold my likeness to the ad agency.
It's ridiculous!
I even gave him
- a thank-you blow job.
- Ugh! Nothing in New York
is free.
Was it good, at least?
- How was his dick?
- Confusing.
And then this waiver is insane.
Listen to this.
"This agency can use my likeness"
"in all media that has
or hasn't yet been invented"
"throughout the universe, in eternity,"
"and whatever else
may come after eternity."
The only time Godless Hollywood
ever evokes the afterlife
is in its paperwork.
Meanwhile, still no Arthur,
and this apartment
is a bigger mess than
"How To Get Away With Murder."
I ordered a Chore Rabbit to help.
Mr. Epstein?
Todd's ready for you.
All right, I gotta go.
Time to play struggling actor
that doesn't know any better.
Ah, the ol' "Sharon Lawrence."
I miss Dennis Franz's ass.
Bye.
So you see, as an actor starting out,
this anti-circumcision campaign,
it could really limit
my opportunities down the road.
Do you know what I mean?
Like the Old Spice hot guy in the towel?
Oh. Yeah, he was
definitely hot.
Yeah. He was really hot.
Oh, did you go to Yale?
Yeah. Did you?
- I did!
- Hey!
- Whoa!
- Well...
since you're a fellow Yalie...
Oh, my God, thank you so much.
I really appreciate
anything that you can do.
- I'll let you use my phone.
- I'm sorry.
To call a lawyer to
get you out of your contract.
But good luck,
'cause that shit is airtight.
You're not gonna help me out here?
What's that expression, that...
- No.
- What the fuck?
- Why are you being such a dick?
- Hey, it's not my fault
you signed something without reading it.
Okay, so let me get this straight.
Your ad agency tricks broke actors
into becoming your models?
That is so sad.
Oh, but nothing's sad
about needing free head shots?
They're like 40 bucks.
Or blow the photographer.
Eew! Villain.
Fine! We'll have to
- figure this out another way.
- Yeah?
Yeah. And by the way,
great ad agency you have here.
I seem to forget
the episode of "Mad Men"
where Don Draper books the
big anti-circumcision campaign.
It's inspired an entire movement!
Men march down the streets
being vocal about how bad they
feel about their cocks.
Oh, good for you.
You've given Reddit users
something to do outside.
Well, on the plus side,
the "Nobody Asked Me" campaign
is more exposure than you'll ever get,
you sad 40-year-old waiter.
I'm 36, and the joke's on you,
because Olympia Dukakis
didn't get her big break
until she was 64!
You're just embarrassing yourself.
Says the 40-something
in skinny jeans.
38, and they're slim fit.
And I'm calling security.
Good! Call security.
What do I care?
I'm the fucking
anti-circumcision guy now!
- Fuck you!
- This isn't over.
- I couldn't agree more.
- Hey, fuck you!
- Fuck you!
Fuck you.
[POP MUSIC]
- Perfect!
- What's perfect?
That sexy-ass scene
in "Cocoon"
where Don Ameche and Wilford Brimley
- do a water ballet?
- No, you asshole
with a stereotype attached.
No, I'm finally using Facebook
for the way it was intended.
Sharing that sexy-ass scene
from "Cocoon"
where Don Ameche and Wilford
Brimley do a water ballet?
No!
I'm linking to a fake page
to get revenge on this guy.
"Recovery group for Yale sex offenders,
"and founder and president Todd
has gone 13 days
without an offense!"
Why not kill him with kindness?
When they go low, you go high.
It always works.
- Send him an Edible Arrangement.
- Ooh! Blind item.
I once had an edible arrangement
with Clive Davis.
Holy shit! Todd must have
seen the page.
He just wrote back.
"Bad move, old waiter.
You're punching above
your weight."
[GASPS]
But how is that possible?
I-I mean,
who's above your weight?
Matthew, you make Peter Tolan
and Milo Yiannopoulos
look like the best we have to offer.
- JULIE: Who is it?
- It's Rick from Chore Rabbit.
Wow, already?
That was fast.
- I just ordered you.
- Well, you know,
we're not "chore turtles."
[LAUGHING]
Let's take a look around.
Wow.
Uh-huh.
- [CLICKS TONGUE]
- I know, it's pretty bad.
But my boyfriend's
usually the one who cleans,
and I'm the... well,
I'm the funny, arty one.
You hush. You don't ever
have to apologize to me
or explain yourself to me.
You ask... and I do.
And I want nothing in return.
Wow, amazing!
If I remembered your name,
I would thank you personally,
so... instead I say, Rabbit,
where have you been all my life?
- [LAUGHING]
- Waiting for you to call,
Choremistress.
So the first thing is, um,
my showerhead is broken,
if you don't mind taking a look at that.
I've been having to use
the ladies' room at Red Lobster
and wipe down my privates
with a wet nap.
The ol' "Sharon Lawrence,"
right? I get it.
And then I have some laundry as well,
and I'm actually kinda hungry.
Is there any... rule against
ordering more than one Rabbit?
No, that's fine... just push
multiply on the app.
We're here to serve only...
you.
[INHALES AND EXHALES SHAKILY]
[LIGHT PIANO MUSIC]
- Ms. Ford.
- Veronica.
Veronica.
Veron... Well, it's very hard
talking to you like this.
I start every day upside down.
It gets the blood out of
my heart and into my head
where it belongs.
Alex!
Spin me!
Ohh...
Be gone!
Officious little queen.
Okay, so what is wrong with my daughter?
You told my assistant
that she may be at risk
of harming herself or others?
Yes. And as a mental health
professional,
I take my duty to warn very seriously.
Alexis was at risk of harming
millions of potential readers
when she refused to give you
my book proposal.
By the way, I have a book proposal.
I'm gonna stop you right there.
- Actually, I have more to say.
- Actually, no, you don't.
- Actually...
- Actually,
you're never going to
out-actually me,
so stop.
I only sell titles that dazzle
by authors with buzz:
"Dress For the Job you Want.
Or the Blowjob Your Boss Wants,"
by Roger Ailes.
Rest in power, Rog.
"Oops, If I Did It Again.
The OJ 'What If?' sequel"?
No one knows who you are.
You're in my office,
and I don't know who you are.
Well, once my book is published,
everyone will know who I am.
I am going to be like doctors
Phil, Laura, and Oz
all combined in a tight little package.
Thank you, Pilates,
and strength of character.
Let's discuss strength of character.
You had the nerve to get in here
by lying about my daughter's
mental health.
That is a total...
cunt move.
I love cunt moves.
I respect them
and the cunts that move them!
[WHISPERS] Namaste.
So I'm gonna give you some free advice.
Every famous shrink has a catchphrase.
Keep talking.
I'm getting very aroused.
Normal or not normal?
I'm the wrong person to ask.
I have to think about plane
crashes to achieve orgasm.
Mm-hmm.
So do you have a catchphrase?
Yes, of course I do.
I... say a phrase
at the end of every session.
Um...
"That's amore!"
Awful.
Come up with a good catchphrase,
and I'll give you a book deal.
Now, get out.
I've gotta Skype with
the Boston Marathon bomber
about his new YA series.
Hey, how's your little
feudy-dude thing going?
Did the internet revenge thing work?
I think so.
I haven't heard a peep
outta that asshole since.
I'm just glad to have
all the negativity behind me.
Oh, speaking of negativity behind me,
did I ever tell you about the
time Gore Vidal came on my back?
- Matthew!
- Billy.
Nate! Oh, this is fun.
Billy!
He put me in another ad?!
Are you fucking kidding me?
I must have a selfie!
Oh, come here, Billy Billboard!
Come to Matty!
- Here, Billy!
- [HORNS HONKING]
- Here, Billy... Aaaah!
- [GLASS SHATTERS]
♪♪
Is there anything else
we can do for you?
Maybe just some personal space.
No offense, Rabbit.
I'm used to one person
doing all of this for me.
Arthur can do it all.
He's like Justin Timberlake
without having to constantly
prove that he's funny.
[FUNNY VOICE] Sounds like
somebody wants to eat
some brown sugah out of the box!
Brown sugahhhhh!
Ha ha ha.
It's coming, honey.
[ALL GIGGLING, MUTTERING]
Todd, there is a fourth
guy here to see you.
You might wanna come out here.
Is he coming?
I'm, like, needing it
hard and raw... Jimmy Jonny,
Jimmy Jonny, Jimmy Jonny.
- Jimmy Jonny...
- What is it?
They say they answered your ad.
What ad?
- Oh, my God, yes!
- What the fuck?
Yeah! There's that
dirty party boy!
"Tina pass around party
bottom needs raw loads now"?
I didn't write this ad.
If I had,
the copy'd be snappier.
- Then who did?
- I wanna fuck!
[ALL MOANING]
Old Waiter.
[ROCK MUSIC]
And then I keep trying to drive
since the accident, but I'm terrified.
Well, I have a little
saying about fear.
Fear is just something...
not near.
Fear... is not here.
Be not near, fear.
For I am here.
- What?
- No, I'm sorry, Alexis.
Please continue.
No, wait... not continue.
Contin-you.
Y-o-u.
Oh, that is good.
But part of me wonders
if the accident
was just me subconsciously
trying to get my mom
to pay attention to me.
That's a very interesting concept.
But seems a little complicated.
Try thinking about that
in quick, marketable sentences
like... how would you
blame your mother
in a more... pithy way?
Yoo-hoo, Rabbit.
I want a...
Actually, that sounds good.
I want a Yoo-Hoo.
RICK: Yes, Rabbitmistress.
But I've laid some snacks out for you.
Why don't you come out and take a look?
[SIGHS] Not a fan of
walking to snacks, Rabbit.
Hi. Um...
why don't you come over and sit down
and put your feet on me?
- Where are the other Rabbits?
- I sent them away.
You said there were
too many people here.
Well, there's still one too many.
But Rabbitmistress, I'm not a people.
I'm a human table.
Use me as you will.
Now, why don't you get over here,
put your feet on me,
and eat your fucking snacks.
[WHEEZY, SHRILL WHIMPERING]
[ROCK MUSIC]
Oh, God.
Everybody's got a catchphrase but me.
"Me."
What about "me"?
Don't leave me out.
Hey, me, it's me!
Ugh!
Oh, God, please let this be a protest
and not an ethnic parade.
ALL: [CHANTING]
No one asked me!
"No one asked me."
No one asked...
No one asked me!
That's it!
[MEN CONTINUE CHANTING]
Condolences to your cocks,
but I have my catchphrase.
No one asked me.
Wait a minute... Billy?
♪♪
- You!
Our lobby has bedbugs because
of those tweakers you sent.
You made me the face of Syphilis.
This isn't even close to being even!
Dude, I'm no longer
welcome at the Yale Club.
- They think I'm a sex offender.
- What'd I ever do to you?
Huh? Besides get free
head shots?
Oh, my God, I am over
you hot actor types
thinking that the world
owes you something.
Well, maybe the world
does owe me something!
Wait. You think I'm a hot
actor type?
What are you doing here?
I was gonna plant this KKK robe
and this... Trump/Pence
sticker in your office
so that your coworkers think
you're a racist piece of shit
and you get fired.
- No way.
- I was pissed!
No, I mean, I was
on the way to the cafe
to do the same thing.
Wait a second.
How'd you know where I work?
I might have Facebook
stalked you a little bit.
Brilliant idea, the Yale Group thing.
And 13 days since my last offense:
Very nice detail.
I may have Facebook stalked
you a little bit too.
Looked like you had a fun time in Cabo.
Ah, I needed a vacation
from that vacation.
Aw, see, I hate when people say that.
Me, too!
That was a test!
You're really fucked up.
You know that?
[ROCK MUSIC]
♪♪
And here in New York,
that's considered pillow talk!
[CROWD BOOING]
Come on!
[CONTINUE BOOING]
No, no, no, no, no.
Stop moving around.
Just relax-eat.
- Uh... oh...
- That's right.
Too much spicy mustard on the hot dog!
This is not what I wanted.
You know what's next.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Your seltzer bubble bath.
I used diet Cola syrup.
Before you get in,
I'll put a lemon wedge in
so you know it's not regular Coke.
I don't want a bath.
I want Arthur!
- ARTHUR: What the hell?
- Pixy Stix pour!
[CHOKING, YELLING]
Arthur, help!
This Chore Rabbit
is a doormat submissive
into non-consensual humiliation,
and he's pampering me against my will!
[SHRILLY] You're a liar!
Hey, get away
from my girlfriend, Rabbit,
or I'll treat you respectfully
and insist on paying you for your time.
- Come on!
- O-Okay. Hey...
How 'bout really quick, you guys just
roll me up in the carpet here
and take turns stepping on me?
- Not today, buddy.
- No!
- Come on, let's go.
- [WHINY] All right.
Jeez. Um, hey, pal,
what about 200 bucks to let me
clean your toilet with my face?
- [WHISPERS] I can do that.
- Find an online community.
- Okay...
- Out!
- "Out"!
- Leave the apartment.
- I am leaving the apartment.
- Okay.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
You were right, I was wrong.
I don't want a manservant.
I want you.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
Oh, thank God.
I tried to enjoy myself
alone at the hotel,
but by the second day,
I found myself trailing a maid,
helping her turn down beds.
And after she tried to Taser me,
I realized, "I shouldn't be here!"
"I'm happiest at home!
Taking care of you."
Remember when you said
that our anniversary
was a day that you felt safe
and that you'll always remember it?
- You remember that?
- Yeah.
I... made space in my brain
after deleting the lyrics
of a Spin Doctors song.
Anyway, I was thinking,
I feel safe today, now,
and I'll certainly never forget this.
So we just make today our anniversary.
I think that sounds perfect.
[WHISPERS] I blew up the microwave
and both dogs are missing.
Let's make love.
♪♪
I'm glad things worked out
with you and Arthur.
Yeah, me, too.
Although I forgot
what our new anniversary is already.
I'm sure he'll remind me.
What about you?
- Are you gonna see Todd again?
- Tomorrow night.
- Really?
- Yeah.
He's not too nice, is he?
He's... the worst.
Oh, Billy, I'm so happy for you!
Just, uh, don't look over there.
- What?
- Just don't look over there.
It's hard to see them together.
Hey, where are you going?
Oh, please, like you've never
met a guy with syphilis
who wishes he was uncut!
Oh, you're leaving now too?
What a loss!
- My friend's dick is great.
- It's more than great!
Good, now I can spread out.
I can spread my syphilis dick
out all over the train!
And I can air out my clitoral hood!
Todd and I made out outside.
- You did?
- Yeah!
♪♪
MAN: ♪ Thought it'd be easy ♪
♪ Thought they didn't know ♪
♪ You thought it was
the only way to go ♪
♪♪
♪ Another way out ♪
♪ Found on the way home ♪
♪ Thought you were living fast ♪
♪ But you were living slow ♪
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
♪♪
La la la la!
Oh, my God!